Add 3.x SignalR background service sample (#17318)
dotnet/AspNetCore.Docs: aspnetcore/signalr/background-services.md

> [!NOTE]

> > This functionality isn't limited to the [Hub\<T>](xref:Microsoft.AspNetCore.SignalR.Hub`1) class. Any class that inherits from [Hub](xref:Microsoft.AspNetCore.SignalR.Hub), such as [DynamicHub](xref:Microsoft.AspNetCore.SignalR.DynamicHub), will also work.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> This functionality isn't limited to the [Hub\<T>](xref:Microsoft.AspNetCore.SignalR.Hub`1) class. Any class that inherits from [Hub](xref:Microsoft.AspNetCore.SignalR.Hub), such as [DynamicHub](xref:Microsoft.AspNetCore.SignalR.DynamicHub) works.
```

Author: After looking at this a bit more I think it reads better if the comma and the future tense are kept, but I agree that the "also" is not needed. Happy to defer on this if you disagree, but I'm going to lay the 3 out side by side for easy comparison as it's tricky to really feel out the sentence when there's markdown everywhere.

>Any class that inherits from Hub, such as DynamicHub, will also work.

>Any class that inherits from Hub, such as DynamicHub works.

>Any class that inherits from Hub, such as DynamicHub, will work.

Reviewer: @UncleDave  the MS style guide specifically recommends avoiding future tense. To the untrained ear, FT often sounds better. It doesn't machine translate and it's actually no clearer.

Author: Fair enough, how do we feel about just restoring the bracketing comma then?

>Any class that inherits from Hub, such as DynamicHub, works.

Reviewer: That's fine
